1. Reduce spooling time to 3s
2. Auto-align when spooling starts is too sudden. Needs lerping or something over the whole spooling time.
3. Steering during transit still feels wrong. I think the issue might be that the actual steering rate is not tied to the ship's orientation. During normal (non-transit) flight, the ship's orientation is what determines the direction of the ship's velocity. This does not seem to be the case during transit, which is why steering feels so weird? Correct me if I'm wrong.
4. The spooling loading indicator is laggy. Are we rerendering the whole UI every frame during spooling or something like that?
5. I just hit a bug regarding targeting etc.: I had multiple overlapping POI markers (earth, saturn, jupiter). I targeted earth, then started spooling. This caused the realingment of the ship, which caused the targeting to target saturn. Then the transit started with the UI showing saturn as target, but the autopilot was still flying towards earth and decelerated correctly. We need to improve that somehow. Maybe we should just lock the target when spooling starts? Or maybe we should just not allow selecting a new target when spooling is active?
6. Regarding the target position, there is an issue when targeting planets and moons: The POI markers are at their center, so we navigate to that. But that means we just always crash into the planet/moon. We should probably have some kind of offset for planets and moons, so we navigate to a point above the surface instead of the center. Maybe we can use the radius of the planet/moon plus some extra distance depending on the size of the planet/moon?